docs: can only extract client cert info from PPv2 (#2565)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/access-control/authz/authz.md

* `${username}`:  It is replaced with the username at runtime. The username comes from the `Username` field in the `CONNECT` packet. If `peer_cert_as_username` is enabled, it is overridden by the fields or the content of the certificate.
* `${clientid}`:  It is replaced by the client ID at runtime. The client ID is normally explicitly specified by the client in the `CONNECT` packet. If `use_username_as_clientid` or `peer_cert_as_clientid` is enabled, this field is overridden by the username, fields in the certificate, or the content of the certificate.
* `${peerhost}`: It is replaced with the client's IP address at runtime. EMQX supports [Proxy Protocol](http://www.haproxy.org/download/1.8/doc/proxy-protocol.txt), that is, even if EMQX is deployed behind some TCP proxy or load balancer, users can still use this placeholder to get the real IP address.

> * `${cert_common_name}`: It is replaced by the Common Name of the client's TLS certificate at runtime. If client certificate information is sent by load balancer to TCP listener, make sure Proxy Protocol V2 is in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `${cert_common_name}`: It is replaced by the Common Name of the client's TLS certificate at runtime. If the load balancer sends client certificate information to the TCP listener, ensure that Proxy Protocol v2 is in use.
```

> * `${cert_subject}`:  It is replaced by the subject of the client's TLS certificate at runtime. If client certificate information is sent by load balancer to TCP listener, make sure Proxy Protocol V2 is in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `${cert_subject}`:  It is replaced by the subject of the client's TLS certificate at runtime. If the load balancer sends client certificate information to the TCP listener, ensure that Proxy Protocol v2 is in use.
```
